spi: add Read and separate-buffers Transfer (#287)
rust-embedded/embedded-hal: CHANGELOG.md

- Added `IoPin` trait for pins that can change between being inputs or outputs
  dynamically.
- Added `Debug` to all spi mode types.

> - spi: added `Read`
> - spi: added `Transfer` with separate buffers (single-buffer `Transfer` is now `TransferInplace`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SPI: Added blocking `Read` trait and `Read` transactional operation
- SPI: Added blocking `Transfer` trait with separate buffers (single-buffer `Transfer` has been renamed `TransferInplace`)
```
